Ink Witch
=========

You have become a doorway to the shadow plane. The shades of monsters and
fallen gods are looking for freedom and scrape at the corners of your mind.
Pacts are forged; service in exchange for release and you bind their souls to
your body with ink and needle.

Skin Deep
---------

Starting at 1st level you learn to temporarily bind the shades of the shadow
plane to your body by tattooing their visages and marks into your skin. You
have 15 feet of skin on your body that can be utilised at any one time and you
may bind as many shades as you have room for on your body. It takes 1 hour to
find a specific shade and seal it into your flesh.

As an action on your turn you may release a shade from the shadow plane, the
ink in your skin dissolves and the shade materialises 5ft in front of you.
While you have a shade active, you must remain immobile, you may not take any
actions, and must maintain concentration on controlling it. If you lose
concentration the shade returns to your body. On your turn you may use an
action to return the shade to your body.

The shade once summoned shares your initiative, abilities, saving throws and
modifiers. When first bound to your body the shade gains temporary hit points
equal to 3 times your warlock level. As the shade takes damage the  On
reaching 0 hit points the shade fades back into the shadow plane. Its AC is
equal to your spell modifier.

Shades
------

### Blind Catherine
**Size:** medium
**Skin:** 4ft

A pale young woman in a once expensive but now dishevelled dress. Her hair is
blond and tied in a long braid that hangs down her back. A stained blindfold
is bound around her eyes from beneath which a black ichor seeps.

Action: Catherine casts
[vicious-mockery](https://www.dndbeyond.com/spells/vicious-mockery). On a
success in addition to the spells normal effects, all hostile creatures within
60 feet take 1 necrotic damage, and all friendly creatures gain 1 hit point.
